[Do not merge - patterns] Remove workflow phrasing (#1413)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/transpile/index.mdx

> 

Reviewer: The title on lines 2 and 8 should be updated to "Introduction to Transpilation". Imo that is safe to merge now

Transpilation is the process of rewriting a given input circuit to match the topology of a specific quantum device, and optimize the circuit instructions for execution on noisy quantum systems.  This documentation covers the tooling and workflows for local transpilation available to all Qiskit users, as well as for the cloud-based [Qiskit transpiler service](qiskit-transpiler-service) available to Premium Plan users.  If you're using primitives and are only interested in the default transpilation options provided by the Qiskit Runtime service, read the [Configure runtime compilation for Qiskit Runtime](../run/configure-runtime-compilation) topic.

The process of transpilation takes circuit that contains your instructions:

<img src="/images/transpile/pre-transpiled.png" alt="A two-qubit quantum circuit containing a Hadamard and two CNOT gates." />

> then transforms it such that only instructions available on a chosen backend are used, and optimizes those instructions to minimize the effects of noise:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transpilation then transforms it such that only instructions available on a chosen backend are used, and optimizes those instructions to minimize the effects of noise:
```

<Admonition type="caution">
  If you perform transpilation locally and submit the transpiled circuits to the Qiskit Runtime Estimator primitive, the service tries to apply additional optimizations by default, corresponding to `optimization_level=1` described [here](/run/configure-runtime-compilation#set-the-optimization-level). If you do not want the circuits further transformed, set the `optimization_level` to 0.
</Admonition>

## Transpiler stages

Qiskit's prebuilt transpiler pipeline consists of six fundamental stages:

> 1. `init` - This pass runs any initial passes that are required before the circuit starts being embedded to the system.  This typically involves unrolling custom instructions and converting the circuit to all single- and two-qubit gates. By default this  validates the circuit instructions and translate multi-qubit gates into single- and two-qubit gates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `init` - This pass runs any initial passes that are required before the circuit can be embedded into the system.  This typically involves unrolling custom instructions and converting the circuit to all single- and two-qubit gates. By default, this validates the circuit instructions and translates multi-qubit gates into single- and two-qubit gates.
```

> 1. `layout` - This pass applies a *layout*, mapping the virtual qubits in your circuit to system's physical qubits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `layout` - This pass applies a *layout*, mapping the virtual qubits in your circuit to the system's physical qubits.
```

For a simpler, but less customizable, "out-of-the-box" way to use the transpiler, use the [`qiskit.compiler.transpile`](/api/qiskit/compiler#qiskit.compiler.transpile) function.  This generates and runs one of the preset `StagedPassManager`s based on, among other options, an `optimization_level` flag that can be set to 0, 1, 2, or 3.  Higher levels generate more optimized circuits at the expense of longer transpilation times.

## Next steps

<Admonition type="tip" title="Recommendations">
    - To learn how to use the `transpile` function, start with the [Transpilation default settings and configuration options](defaults-and-configuration-options) topic.
    - Continue learning about transpilation with the [Transpiler stages](transpiler-stages) topic.
    - Try the [Submit transpiled circuits](https://learning.quantum.ibm.com/tutorial/submit-transpiled-circuits) tutorial.

>     - Learn [how to transpile circuits](https://learning.quantum.ibm.com/tutorial/submit-transpiled-circuits) as part of Qiskit Patterns workflows using Qiskit Runtime.

Reviewer: Why remove this?

Author: Because the issue was to remove pattern workflow phrasing - but I can just rephrase it.
